By the way, I'm curious about something.
Yes, go ahead.
Are you this nice to all your contracted writers?
Even to their family?
Not necessarily.
Really?
Are you especially nice to Hyun Soo?
Yes. I like...
Hyun Soo.
- Mr. Park. - But...
she did turn me down a lot.
- My goodness. - I see.
It would've been nice if I was 20 years younger.
Then I would've said yes to you.
Honey.
My gosh.
- Eat up. - Okay.
Eat up.
(Hyun Soo)
I see you called.
I'm outside your place. I'll wait until you come home.
Okay.
What's going on?
I want you to come with me.
Where?
This is your share.
This is...
Yes, it is.
I'm sorry I made you anxious.
Let's live together.
Let's do that.
(Temperature of Love)
Boil it a bit more.
Wrap it up nicely.
Yes, Chef.
Ha Sung, when you're done, help Min Ho.
What do you want to do?
Can you do it if the schedule gets moved up?
I have to do what the company tells me to do.
It's Hyun Soo I'm worried about.
What happened?
Speak of the devil. We were just talking about you.
The TV schedule will be moved up.
The program before us fell through, and they want us to fill it.
What do you want to do?
Is it up to me?
It's up to us.
We all have to agree.
I want to do it.
The script is already there. We can do it.
Nice! That's what I wanted to hear!
That hurt.
I'll tell the broadcasting studio then.
Okay.
Hyun Soo.
- Yi Bok. - Hello.
What brings you here?
I was here to see Jung Woo.
Our TV schedule got moved up.
It was moved up?
Yes. The one that was scheduled before us fell through.
Hyun Soo, can you do it?
I will. This could be my last chance.
Congratulations.
Thanks. Is yours going well?
Yes. I'm here with Director Min to discuss the cast.
- I see. Good luck. - Thanks.
Bye.
You should do another revision before casting.
Okay.
Shall we go?
I need to talk to Mr. Park.
Goodness.
Mr. Park, are you really going to do this?
Do what?
Why is Hyun Soo's getting produced before mine?
It was the broadcasting station's decision, not mine.
And it's none of your business.
Of course it is. The cast will overlap.
How is our casting going?
I like Ms. Ji's personality.
Why is she so feisty?
Being feisty...
doesn't do any damage.
Because people don't want to fight.
You two have a meeting.
I need to go because I have an appointment.
Do you have good news?
Yes.
People are responding to the new menu we uploaded.
Are we getting a lot of reservations?
Yes, we're slowly getting more.
That's good.
Don't get up. I'll answer it.
Okay.
Hello, it's Good Soup.
Hello, this is Michelin Korea.
Hi.
Good Soup will be given...
one star as the result of Michelin guide judging.
Who was it?
We got one star.
Pardon?
I just got the phone call. We got Michelin one star.
- Michelin... - One star?
- Yes! - Nice!
- Great! - Yes!
Where are you going?
- Come here! - It's awesome!
Amazing.
This is the start.
Hyun Soo, can you do it? The schedule is so tight.
I have to do it.
Did you finish your research on the chefs?
Not yet. I have to do some more.
(Jung Sun)
Hi, Jung Sun.
Do you know who called me today?
Who called you?
Michelin did.
I got one star from Michelin.
Congratulations.
Really. Congratulations.
Thank you.
I love you.
I'm in love with you.
I know.
(A month ago)
Could you make one like this?
Is it for a proposal?
Yes. I designed it.
Okay, I'll make it.
Let's live together.
Let's do that.
Give me...
some time.
Yes, you have a reservation. Thank you.
- Really? - This place is famous.
- It's nice. - How pretty.
It's delicious.
I'm so excited.
It tastes great.
This is the appetizer for table eight.
Table 12 ordered 4 lunch courses.
4 lunch courses for table 12.
- Yes, Chef. - Yes, Chef.
("Good Soup Becomes a Michelin Starred Restaurant")
(Chef On thinks food made with philosophy can change the world.)
This will help you gain strength.
Thank you. What about you?
I already drank one.
You should drink another one with me. I'll bring you one.
I'm really fine.
(The Micheline Guide, Seoul)
I guess this is what a Michelin Star is.
He's doing great.
Didn't you say that your drama's going to get aired?
Soo Jung, I really can't understand you.
How are you fine with this?
You already know that Won Joon likes me.
So?
Aren't you bothered by that?
I am bothered.
But people can always end up liking other people.
So I'm sure he has some space for me in his heart.
Aren't you annoyed that I'm in his heart as well?
I also think about my ex-boyfriend from time to time.
But that doesn't mean I'm going to start seeing him again.
Hey, Hong Ah.
Hey, Won Joon.
Do you know that Good Soup got a Michelin Star?
Yes.
There are articles about it everywhere.
Jung Sun must be happy.
Hyun Soo's drama is also going to air earlier than planned.
Both of them have a bright future ahead of them.
What's wrong with my life?
Why is everybody doing well apart from me?
Let's live together.
Let's do that.
Give me...
some time.
(2 years ago, August 2015, Paris)
(From Suncheon, To Seoul)
The props are placed over here.
- He's the camera director. - Hello.
- Hello. - Hello.
The camera monitors are over here.
The director looks through this and says, "Cue" and "Cut".
Doesn't each director have their own unique way to say that?
How do you say it?
I say, "Cut".
- What? What? - I'm not going to comment on that.
You know how our main male character studies cooking in France?
We should go there.
I don't want to go.
She doesn't go on trips because she doesn't like riding planes.
She only traveled once to Paris.
(November 2015)
[VIU Ver] E33 Temperature of Love "What About Me?"
-= Ruo Xi =-
- Hello. - Hello.
I came to meet Mr. On Jung Sun. Is he here?
He resigned. He works somewhere else now.
Do you know where he is by any chance?
I don't know. I'm sorry.
Okay. Thank you.
My first trip abroad...
was to Paris, the place where he was at.
But I couldn't meet him.
Jung Sun.
I'm ready to give you an answer now.
Congratulations again...
on getting a Michelin Star.
Congratulations on getting an air date for your drama.
I'm really glad that things are going well for you.
All that's left is for you to become more successful.
I'm sure your drama is going to do well this time.
I'm sorry.
I pushed ahead too much, didn't I?
I pressured you too much when I should've waited until you told me.
No, it's okay.
After pushing you away, I endured the five years...
with a fluttering heart.
My feelings for you were so strong that no one could ever enter.
When I met you again,
I thought we were destined for each other.
When I met you again, and we fell in love,
I found out I had never actually overcome...
the problems that I thought I had overcome.
My dad and I tried so hard to live differently from each other's dads.
But there was no need for us to try that way.
Because we're already different people.
I never expected you to be perfect.
I wanted to...
share your imperfect life.
I'm not confident anymore.
I'm sorry.
I'll do better from now on.
You're not the problem. I am.
I'll wait for you.
Hello.
Is my son busy?
Yes, he's really busy.
Can't we get a table?
You have to make a reservation even it's just for two people.
Then we'll come back later.
Let's go, Daniel. I'll buy you something nice.
You always buy me something. What's the big deal?
You can pay today. I don't feel like paying.
Why are you acting so proud these days?
My son's become successful. It's natural for me to be proud.
Buy me food.
Let's go.
Let's eat tuna gimbap.
Mr. Park, I have something to tell you regarding Chef On.
Ino Electronics called and asked us to schedule a meeting with him...
so that they can use him for their advertisement.
People are also asking him to do lectures.
What should I do?
Hello, Chef On.
It's been a while.
- Please sit down. - Okay.
Mr. Park wanted me to give you this.
It's for canceling your contract with On Entertainment.
He said he's willing to cancel the contract if that's what you wish.
Jung Sun, I'm here.
It's hard the first time, but it gets easier the second time.
This place feels more comfortable this time.
Just think of this place as my parents' home.
Jung Sun's my guardian.
I'm a son myself, but I'm really glad that...
I don't have a mother like you.
Daniel!
You startled me.
Why would you get startled from that?
What are you looking at? Do we seem sweet?
I'll bring you tea.
What's Hyun Soo doing these days?
She told us last time that she's writing a script for a drama.
You have such a good memory.
This is nothing.
I have a friend who wishes to invest in your restaurant.
Would you like me to introduce you to him?
It's not a good idea to use other people's money.
And he doesn't need an investment. He's going to earn a lot of money.
Do you want strong tea?
- Light, please. - Light, please.
- Jinx. - Jinx.
Why did you become so soft?
You're even seeing me out.
I guess success can really change people.
I thought that maybe you acted out because...
I acted cold towards you. So I'm changing my strategy.
You made a strategy? Am I that important to you?
But I did become a lot better after I met Daniel.
I just spend a lot of money. Everything else is fine.
How's Hyun Soo doing these days?
I'm sure she's doing well.
Is there something going on? Are you on bad terms with her?
No, there's no reason for us to be on bad terms.
She and I can relate to each other.
She's also quite crazy about love.
Let's talk in the office.
- Did you bring your laptop? - Yes.
Kyung, you can go home.
No, it's okay. I'll go with you.
There's nothing for you to do.
We're going to talk about who to cast and edit the script.
Okay. I always listen to you.
You should listen to me instead.
You should shave your beard.
Are you trying to show that you're working hard?
Why are you criticizing my personal preference?
Go ahead, and keep your personal preference.
Kyung, you win.
- Right? - Yes.
My gosh.
Chef On.
Chef Eric Song is here.
Okay.
What? Did you come out in the middle of work?
I was making dough for noodles. I want to test something.
If you heard that I was going to come,
you should've been waiting for me in a suit.
I'm sorry.
I'm kidding. Let's sit down.
That's actually what I like about you.
What did you want to talk to me about?
I have an offer. A shocking offer.
My business partner, whom I've been working with for a long time,
opened up a new restaurant in Hong Kong.
I recommended you as the head chef.
The investment and amount of time needed to cover for the deficit...
will be decided on your terms.
I can't take that offer because of Good Soup.
You'll be able to run both restaurants.
Of course, for the first six months...
you need to focus on the opening, so it may be a bit difficult.
Why are you giving me such a good offer?
When you refused to develop a new menu with me,
it left a strong impression.
I want more chefs to be like you.
I don't want them giving in to money.
But of course, money is a good thing.
Thank you.
I'm sorry. I didn't think this far when Hyun Soo's drama...
got fixed to be aired.
Thank you for understanding.
What else can I do?
When two dramas from the same company compete against each other,
it'll only be a loss on both ends.
I'm fine with this,
but what are you going to do about Writer Ji?
Exactly.
I don't want to be here when she throws a fit.
I'll be waiting somewhere else. I'll meet her once you're done.
We have to talk about the script.
Good luck.
I think we're going to have to work until late today.
I'm ready to pull an all-nighter.
How should we express the moment where the two characters...
fall in love at first sight?
Should we insert background music?
Let's use computer graphics to make one of them get hit by lightning.
Then that person will collapse.
Let's begin.
Are you trying to make me collapse?
Please try to think of this from the company's point of view.
Why would I have to do that?
The company should be considerate of me.
You didn't say anything back then. Why did this happen all of a sudden?
I failed to think that far because the situation was so urgent.
If you insist on airing it at that hour,
two dramas from our company will be competing against each other.
My drama was picked first.
Hyun Soo only got picked as a replacement.
Why do I have to be pushed back?
They don't have a say in this because they're a replacement.
You told me that my script was going to be a big hit.
There's nothing we can do about this.
I want my drama to be aired at that time.
You better be prepared if my drama doesn't get chosen.
Nowhere in the contract does it say that...
I need to give in when two dramas end up competing against each other.
- Writer Ji. - I'm not responsible...
for this situation, the company is.
Hong Ah.
Is something wrong?
- Hyun Soo. - What is it?
Why do I have to be pushed back?
Why am I constantly pushed back to be behind you?
They told me to take the later spot because we'll air at the same time.
Why should I when we're on different channels?
That's not important.
It's important.
If you're pushed back once, you feel like you're constantly pushed back.
I'm reminded of the nightmares...
of failing the contests and living in defeat for the past five years.
Nothing's working out.
I think Won Joon really doesn't like me anymore.
You have everything, but what about me?
Jung Sun got a Michelin star. What about me?
Everyone is the same when you look at them closely.
You haven't reached success yet.
I won't tell you why you haven't yet,
because you'll be too happy.
Tell me.
I want to be consoled.
(Episode 34 will air shortly.)